README.md, before:

# Ender-3
I run a small print farm for my business, fordworks3D, LLC. It is currently made up of 4 Ender 3 Pros, and this is where you can find my project upgrades, Octoprint network setup, Marlin configurations, and more.
<a href="https://www.etsy.com/shop/fordworks3D"><img src="Images/fordworks3D.png" alt="fordworks3D Logo" height="70"/></a> <a href="https://marlinfw.org"><img src="Images/marlin.png" alt="Marlin Logo" height="70"/></a> <a href="https://www.creality3dofficial.com/products/creality-ender-3-pro-3d-printer"><img src="Images/ender3.png" alt="Ender 3 Logo" height="70"/></a> <a href="https://slic3r.org"><img src="Images/slic3r.png" alt="Slic3r Logo" height="70"/></a> <a href="https://www.autodesk.com/products/fusion-360/overview"><img src="Images/fusion360.png" alt="Fusion 360 Logo" height="70"/></a> <a href="https://octoprint.org"><img src="Images/octoprint.png" alt="Octoprint Logo" height="70"/></a> <a href="https://e3d-online.com"><img src="Images/e3d.png" alt="E3D Logo" height="70"/></a> <a href="https://www.raspberrypi.org"><img src="Images/raspberrypi.png" alt="Raspberry Pi Logo" height="70"/></a> <a href="https://octofarm.net"><img src="Images/octofarm.png" alt="Octofarm Logo" height="70"/></a> <a href="https://www.bigtree-tech.com"><img src="Images/bigtreetech.png" alt="BIGTREETECH Logo" height="70"/></a> 

## Parts List
These are the things I buy when I want to add another printer to the line. Things not included are JST connectors, solder, wire, filament, labels, and other supplies. This list is ordered by priority of what I personally feel are the most to least essential upgrades to your Ender 3. In total, each printer costs me approximately $400.
| Type | Item | Price |
|--|--|--|
| 3D Printer | [Creality Ender 3 Pro](https://www.creality3dofficial.com/products/creality-ender-3-pro-3d-printer) | $209 |
| Build Plate | [220mm x 220mm x 3mm Borosilicate Glass Bed](https://www.amazon.com/s?k=220mm+borosilicate+glass+bed) | $20 |
| PTFE Tubing | [Capricorn Authentic PTFE Tubing for 1.75mm Filament](https://www.amazon.com/Authentic-Capricorn-Filament-Upgraded-Pneumatic/dp/B07PS3NH82/ref=sr_1_6?dchild=1&keywords=capricorn+ptfe&qid=1608003040&sr=8-6) | $15 |
| Extruder Block | [All-Metal Aluminum Extruder Block for 1.75mm Bowden](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07B96QMN2/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o07_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1) | $11 |
| Leveling Probe | [Capacitive Proximity Sensor, DC 6-36V, 1-10mm, NPN NO](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0746FYF5S/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1) | $11.00 |
| Octoprint Host | [Raspberry Pi 4 B, 4GB RAM with Heatsinks and Power Supply](https://vilros.com/collections/raspberry-pi-4/products/raspberry-pi-4-4gb-ram) | $60 |
| Mini USB | [USB Type A to Mini B Cable, 3ft](https://www.amazon.com/s?k=Mini+usb+cable&ref=nb_sb_noss_2) | $10 |
| Camera | [Raspberry Pi Camera, 1080p, 5MP](https://www.amazon.com/s?k=raspberry+pi+cam&ref=nb_sb_noss) | $10 |
| Smart Outlet | [Wemo Mini Smart Outlet](https://www.bestbuy.com/site/wemo-mini-wifi-smart-plug-white/5711458.p?skuId=5711458&ref=212&loc=1) | $20 |
| Table | [Ikea Lack Endtable](https://www.ikea.com/us/en/p/lack-side-table-black-20011408/) | $10 |

## Software Used
| Category | Name | Description |
|--|--|--|
| Firmware | [Marlin](https://marlinfw.org) | Open source firmware for configuring your 3D printer/CNC/Laser. My files can be found here (LINK) |
| STL Slicer | [Slic3r](https://slic3r.org) | Open source STL slicer. Profiles found here (LINK) |
| CAD | [Fusion 360](https://www.autodesk.com/products/fusion-360/overview) | Autodesk's cross-platform, free for non-commercial use CAD software (See [startup edition](https://www.autodesk.com/products/fusion-360/startups) for small businesses) |
| Printer Controller | [Octoprint](https://octoprint.org) | An open source web interface for 3D printer monitoring and control. |
| Farm Viewer | [Octofarm](https://octofarm.net) | Open source web server/client for managing several Octoprint instances. |

Commit message:

Added volcano nozzles to parts list

README.md, after:

# Ender-3
I run a small print farm for my business, fordworks3D, LLC. It is currently made up of 4 Ender 3 Pros, and this is where you can find my project upgrades, Octoprint network setup, Marlin configurations, and more.

<a href="https://www.etsy.com/shop/fordworks3D"><img src="Images/fordworks3D.png" alt="fordworks3D Logo" height="70"/></a> <a href="https://marlinfw.org"><img src="Images/marlin.png" alt="Marlin Logo" height="70"/></a> <a href="https://www.creality3dofficial.com/products/creality-ender-3-pro-3d-printer"><img src="Images/ender3.png" alt="Ender 3 Logo" height="70"/></a> <a href="https://slic3r.org"><img src="Images/slic3r.png" alt="Slic3r Logo" height="70"/></a> <a href="https://www.autodesk.com/products/fusion-360/overview"><img src="Images/fusion360.png" alt="Fusion 360 Logo" height="70"/></a> <a href="https://octoprint.org"><img src="Images/octoprint.png" alt="Octoprint Logo" height="70"/></a> <a href="https://e3d-online.com"><img src="Images/e3d.png" alt="E3D Logo" height="70"/></a> <a href="https://www.raspberrypi.org"><img src="Images/raspberrypi.png" alt="Raspberry Pi Logo" height="70"/></a> <a href="https://octofarm.net"><img src="Images/octofarm.png" alt="Octofarm Logo" height="70"/></a> <a href="https://www.bigtree-tech.com"><img src="Images/bigtreetech.png" alt="BIGTREETECH Logo" height="70"/></a> 


## Parts List
These are the things I buy when I want to add another printer to the line. Things not included are JST connectors, solder, wire, filament, labels, and other supplies. This list is ordered by priority of what I personally feel are the most to least essential upgrades to your Ender 3. In total, each printer costs ~$400.
| Type | Item | Price |
|--|--|--|
| 3D Printer | [Creality Ender 3 Pro](https://www.creality3dofficial.com/products/creality-ender-3-pro-3d-printer) | $209 |
| Build Plate | [220mm x 220mm x 3mm Borosilicate Glass Bed](https://www.amazon.com/s?k=220mm+borosilicate+glass+bed) | $20 |
| PTFE Tubing | [Capricorn Authentic PTFE Tubing for 1.75mm Filament](https://www.amazon.com/Authentic-Capricorn-Filament-Upgraded-Pneumatic/dp/B07PS3NH82/ref=sr_1_6?dchild=1&keywords=capricorn+ptfe&qid=1608003040&sr=8-6) | $15 |
| Extruder Block | [All-Metal Aluminum Extruder Block for 1.75mm Bowden](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07B96QMN2/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o07_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1) | $11 |
| Leveling Probe | [Capacitive Proximity Sensor, DC 6-36V, 1-10mm, NPN NO](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0746FYF5S/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1) | $11 |
| Heater Block | [Volcano Heater Block](https://www.amazon.com/s?k=volcano+heat+block&ref=nb_sb_noss_1) | $10 |
| Silicone Sock | [Silicone Heater Block Sock](https://www.amazon.com/s?k=volcano+heat+block+sock&ref=nb_sb_noss) | $10 |
| Octoprint Host | [Raspberry Pi 4 B, 4GB RAM with Heatsinks and Power Supply](https://vilros.com/collections/raspberry-pi-4/products/raspberry-pi-4-4gb-ram) | $60 |
| Mini USB | [USB Type A to Mini B Cable, 3ft](https://www.amazon.com/s?k=Mini+usb+cable&ref=nb_sb_noss_2) | $10 |
| Camera | [Raspberry Pi Camera, 1080p, 5MP](https://www.amazon.com/s?k=raspberry+pi+cam&ref=nb_sb_noss) | $10 |
| Smart Outlet | [Wemo Mini Smart Outlet](https://www.bestbuy.com/site/wemo-mini-wifi-smart-plug-white/5711458.p?skuId=5711458&ref=212&loc=1) | $20 |
| Table | [Ikea Lack Endtable](https://www.ikea.com/us/en/p/lack-side-table-black-20011408/) | $10 |

## Software Used
Relevant files and setup instructions are linked accordingly.
| Category | Name | Description |
|--|--|--|
| Firmware | [Marlin](https://marlinfw.org) | Open source firmware for configuring your 3D printer/CNC/Laser. My files can be found here (LINK) |
| STL Slicer | [Slic3r](https://slic3r.org) | Open source STL slicer. Profiles found here (LINK) |
| CAD | [Fusion 360](https://www.autodesk.com/products/fusion-360/overview) | Autodesk's cross-platform, free for non-commercial use CAD software (See [startup edition](https://www.autodesk.com/products/fusion-360/startups) for small businesses) |
| Printer Controller | [Octoprint](https://octoprint.org) | An open source web interface for 3D printer monitoring and control. |
| Farm Viewer | [Octofarm](https://octofarm.net) | Open source web server/client for managing several Octoprint instances. |
